My chest is hurting, my feet can't fall out of bed
I don't know where to go, so I'll lay here instead
With my symptoms, symptoms of sorrow and dread
They all said it would fade, but again and again
I love, I love
I love, I love, I love
I've been so busy
But now that I'm alone
Where did you go?
Tell me why
Why can't you live at home tonight and stay with me inside?
It's nice
Please, I wanna see what we would be if you were by my side
Make me feel lonely, soon
You might not know me, I wish I could lie
But I can't deny
My chest is hurting, my feet can't fall out of bed
I don't know where to go, so I'll lay here instead
With my symptoms, symptoms of sorrow and dread
They all said it would fade, but again and again
I love, I love
I love, I love, I love
I'm hurting, I'm stuck in my bed
I don't know where to go, so I'll lay here instead
With my symptoms, symptoms of sorrow and dread
They all said it would fade, but again and again
I love, I love
I love, I love, I love